feat: contribution guideline updates (#2880)
CircuitVerse/CircuitVerse: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing to Circuitverse

- We expect contributors to abide by our underlying [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/CircuitVerse/CircuitVerse/blob/master/code-of-conduct.md) . All discussions about this project must be respectful and harassment-free.
- Remember that communication is the lifeblood of any Open Source project. We are all working on this together, and we are all benefiting from this software.
- It's very easy to misunderstand one another in asynchronous, text-based conversations. When in doubt, assume everyone has the best intentions.
- If you feel anyone has violated our Code of Conduct, you should anonymously contact the team with our abuse report form via [Slack](https://circuitverse.org/slack), necessary action will be take by the team.

## Where to contribute

Please note if someone is already assigned or working on the issue, do not try to start working without asking in a thread.

> 

Reviewer: what is WDYT ?

> 

Author: I guess "What do you think?" 😅

> 

Reviewer 2: 😅 yeah WDTY="What do you think?"

> 

Reviewer: > 😅 yeah WDTY="What do you think?"

then leave it 😅 there will be many of like me who don't know this short forms

> 

Reviewer 3: + we can add `priority` and `question` labels.

> - `core-team` label are internal tasks that will be completed by a Circuitverse core team member. 

Reviewer: After a core team member updates the labels please insert the label link here also.

Author: Sure

Reviewer 4: What about using the term "maintainers" instead of core team in this document ?

        git checkout -b forgot-password#44

    This both creates and checks out that branch in one command.  
    The feature name should provide a (short) description of the issue.

4. Update the README.md with details of changes to the interface, this includes new environment variables, exposed ports, useful file locations and container parameters.
5. Develop the feature and push it to your local repo.
6. Create Pull Request (PR). Make sure to comment the issue that your PR is supposed to solve.

## Create a pull request

- Try to keep the pull requests small. A pull request should try its very best to address only a single concern.
- For work in progress pull requests, please use the Draft PR feature.
- Make sure all tests pass and add additional tests for the code you submit.
- Document your reasoning behind the changes. Explain why you wrote the code in the way you did. The code should explain what it does.
- If there's an existing issue, reference to it by adding something like `References/Closes/Fixes/Resolves #123`, where 123 is the issue number. 

> - Please fill out the PR Template when making a PR.

Reviewer 4: Also mention when to close a PR discussion as resolved, especially one generated by static code tools lilke codeclimate or hound

Author: Done

> Please note: a core team member may close your PR if it has gone stale or if we don't plan to merge the code.

## Pull request reviews

- Requested Changes must be resolved (with code or discussion) before merging.
- If you make changes to a PR, be sure to re-request a review.
- Don't repeadetely tag someone(may be it is not the right time to review your PR), be patient.

#### PR Lebels

- `under-review` labelled PR are under review by core team.
- `waiting for contributor` labelled PR are meant to waiting for contributor to respond.
- `waiting for design` labelled PR are meant to waiting for review from UI/UX core team.
- `no activity` labelled PR are meant to have no activity in the PR from since a while.
- `blocked` labelled PR are meant to not to go ahead for review.
- `do not merge` labelled PR are meant to not to merge the PR right now(may be later).
- [awaiting-approval](https://github.com/CircuitVerse/CircuitVerse/labels/awaiting-approval) labelled PR are meant to be waiting for other core-team members.

## Community

> Discussions about CircuitVerse issues and features take place on the repository's [Issues](https://github.com/CircuitVerse/CircuitVerse/issues) and [Pull Requests](https://github.com/CircuitVerse/CircuitVerse/pulls) sections. Anybody is welcome to join these conversations. See the [README](README.md) for more information on communication channels.

Reviewer 4: Discussions should in discussions page, not on issues

# Contributing to CircuitVerse
[Back to `README.md`](README.md)

Thanks for checking out our contribution guide. We greatly appreciate any work contributed, no matter how small!

## How to Contribute
When you are ready to start work on an issue:

> - Let us know by leaving a comment on the issue. (Also let us know later if you are no longer working on it.)

Reviewer 4: This seems missing in the new guide

Author: Added in line 10 sir.

- [domumentation](https://github.com/CircuitVerse/CircuitVerse/labels/documentation) labeled issues are meant to have typo errors in documentation.
- [Simulator](https://github.com/CircuitVerse/CircuitVerse/labels/simulator) issues are meant specifically in the scope of circuitverse simulator.
- [platform](https://github.com/CircuitVerse/CircuitVerse/labels/platform) labeled issues are meant specifically in the scope of circuitverse website.
- `difficulty: easy` issues are usually confined to isolated areas of existing code.
- `difficulty: medium` issues sometimes entail new features and might affect a significant area of the codebase, but aren't overly complex.
- `difficulty: hard` issues are typically far-reaching, and might need architecture decisions during implementation. This label might also denote highly complex issues.
- `duplicate` labeled issues are meant to be already existing issue in the repository.
- `priority: less` labeled issues are meant to have priority comparatavily lesser than other issues.
- `priority: medium` labeled issues are meant to have priority comparatively intermediate than other issues.

> - `priority: high` labeled issues are meant to have highest priority and need to fix as soon as possible.

Reviewer 2: I think instead of  priority less, medium and hard we can add label p-1, p-2 and p-3 respectively. If an issue/pr has multiple labels by using short-terms we can reduce clutter 🤔.

Reviewer 2: > no, not a new contributor may not be well equipped with short terms like p-1,p-2 etc.
We can add full forms in label description.

> - `help wanted` labelled issues are meant to get help from core-team.

Reviewer 5: Usually `help wanted` is open to anyone who can help. Maybe we can keep it like that?

Author: Should I remove it then?

Reviewer 5: Don't remove it. Just modify it to say
`help wanted` labelled issues signify that the contributor requires help with something specific in the issue and your help is very much appreciated

- Open a new issue according to type i.e., if issue is a bug open a new issue by clicking on `Get Started` in the scope of `Bug Report`.
- Give a precise and meaningful name of the issue.
- Describe your issue as good as possible that may ease the process of issue-reviewing by core-team.

## How to contribute

1. Fork the project and clone it to your local machine. Follow the [setup](https://github.com/CircuitVerse/CircuitVerse/blob/master/SETUP.md) guideline.
2. Always take a pull from the remote repository to your master branch to keep it at par with the main project(updated repository).
        
        git pull upstream master
        
3. Create a branch. For example, if you are going to work on issue number #44 (which is, say, a new feature for ‘forgot password’ management):

        git checkout -b forgot-password#44

    This both creates and checks out that branch in one command.  
    The feature name should provide a (short) description of the issue.

4. Update the README.md with details of changes to the interface, this includes new environment variables, exposed ports, useful file locations and container parameters.

> 5. Develop the feature and push it to your local repo.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
5. Commit your changes and push it to your fork of the repository.
```
Local repo can be confused with repository on local machine.

Author: Done

6. Create Pull Request (PR). Make sure to comment the issue that your PR is supposed to solve.

## Create a pull request

- Try to keep the pull requests small. A pull request should try its very best to address only a single concern.
- For work in progress pull requests, please use the Draft PR feature.
- Make sure all tests pass and add additional tests for the code you submit.
- Document your reasoning behind the changes. Explain why you wrote the code in the way you did. The code should explain what it does.
- If there's an existing issue, reference to it by adding something like `References/Closes/Fixes/Resolves #123`, where 123 is the issue number. 
- Please fill out the PR Template when making a PR.

> > Please note: a core team member may close your PR if it has gone stale or if we don't plan to merge the code.

Reviewer: yah it will be good i think

## Pull request reviews

- Requested Changes must be resolved (with code or discussion) before merging.
- If you make changes to a PR, be sure to re-request a review.
- Don't repeadetely tag someone(may be it is not the right time to review your PR), be patient.

> - Do not 'resolve conversation' unnecessary raised by communtiy member or any workflows tools(codeclimate or hound) as they may have some purpose, try to resolve the request changes and if any help wanted tag communtiy member to give views about that.

Reviewer 6: Hey @vedant-jain03, I think by mistake you have written the 'communtiy' in place of 'community' ...

#### PR Lebels

> - `under-review` labeled PRs are under review by core team.

Reviewer 4: We need to standardise what to use for multi word tags, space, - , or _

Author: Can we use '-'? @tachyons

#### Individuals
<a href="https://opencollective.com/CircuitVerse"><img src="https://opencollective.com/CircuitVerse/individuals.svg?width=890" alt="Individual financial contributors"></a>
#### PR Lebels

#### Organizations
Support this project with your organization. Your logo will show up here with a link to your website. [[Contribute](https://opencollective.com/CircuitVerse/contribute)]
- `under-review` labeled PRs are under review by core team.
- `waiting for contributor` labeled PRs are meant to waiting for contributor to respond.
- `waiting for design` labeled PRs are meant to waiting for review from UI/UX core team.
- `no activity` labeled PRs are meant to have no activity in the PR from since a while.
- `blocked` labeled PRs are meant not to go ahead for review.
- `do not merge` labeled PRs are meant not to merge the PR right now(may be later).
- [awaiting-approval](https://github.com/CircuitVerse/CircuitVerse/labels/awaiting-approval) labeled PRs are meant to be waiting for other communtiy members.

> <a href="https://opencollective.com/CircuitVerse/organization/0/website"><img src="https://opencollective.com/CircuitVerse/organization/0/avatar.svg" alt="Organization 1"></a>

Reviewer 4: It seems that financial contrinution section via open collective is removed, Can you add them back ?

Author: Oh sorry, I forget to add it.
Added

- `no activity` labeled PR are meant to have no activity in the PR from since a while.
- `blocked` labeled PR are meant to not to go ahead for review.
- `do not merge` labeled PR are meant to not to merge the PR right now(may be later).

> - [awaiting-approval](https://github.com/CircuitVerse/CircuitVerse/labels/awaiting-approval) labeled PR are meant to be waiting for other communtiy members.

Reviewer 5: `- [awaiting-approval](https://github.com/CircuitVerse/CircuitVerse/labels/awaiting-approval) labeled PRs are meant to be waiting for other communtiy members.`
